IRQ Priority definition:
An Interrupt Request Level (IRQL) is a hardware-independent means with which Windows prioritizes 
interrupts that come from the system's processors. On processor architectures on which Windows runs, 
hardware generates signals that are sent to an interrupt controller. The interrupt controller sends 
an interrupt request (or IRQ) to the CPU with a certain priority level, and the CPU sets a mask that 
causes any other interrupts with a lower priority to be put into a pending state, until the CPU releases 
control back to the interrupt controller. If a signal comes in at a higher priority, then the current 
interrupt will be put into a pending state; the CPU sets the interrupt mask to the priority and places 
any interrupts with a lower priority into a pending state until the CPU finishes handling the new, higher 
priority interrupt.


This tweak can result in better responsiveness and less input lag overall. Remember, this comes at a 
risk, make sure to follow everything correctly and read the ReadMe for the disclaimer. Make sure to use MSI 
mode Utility and Interrupt Affinity Tool before this and make sure you've rebooted after completing them 
before doing this tweak.


Steps:
1. Open regedit.exe and go to: HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\PriorityControl
2. Open msinfo32 (System Information).
3. Expand "Hardware Resources" and click on IRQs.
4. Find your GPU and USB Controller IRQ value, it should be a long number but may be short, for example, 
   4294967289.
5. Create a new REG_DWORD (32-bit) value and name it "IRQ(IRQPriority number here)Priority" without quotes.
6. Set the value to 1 for the GPU, 2 for the USB Controller. If you have multiple IRQs, you need to make a 
   new REG_DWORD (32-bit) value for each IRQ.


Make sure to double check your changes to ensure no issues will occur by this tweak!

A example of correct syntax:
[HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\PriorityControl]
"IRQ4294967289Priority"=dword:00000001

IRQ4294967285Priority




